_
[ Air rushing and whistling ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[ Gunshots ]
[ Metal clanging ]
[ Grunting ]
Hang on. hang on!
You're not gonna die today.
Hang on.
[ Gasps ]
[ Panting ]
[ Groans ]
- Okay. okay. Come here.
- [ Coughs ]
Okay? All right.
Let's get the hell out of here.
Come on. come on.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
[ Radio static ]
Cooper:
What do we have?
Aram:
Satellite imagery confirms
The Factory's been hit
and is burning.
All communications are down.
No audio or video in or out.
Where are you
on Search and Rescue?
I have no authorization
to dispatch the Coast Guard.
My people are on that rig.
That rig was
a level-10 detention facility.
It does not exist.
It never existed.
If you think I'm gonna let
you and the Director
cover your asses at the expense
of the lives of my people.
then you've got another--
Off the record--
The Factory was bombed
to prevent those terrorists
from getting their hands
on vital national secrets.
On the record--
this incident never occurred.
Look. if you're not interested
in the detainees. fine.
But there are over 75 people
who work for you
who are gonna drown and burn
if you do nothing.
If you don't contact
Search and Rescue. I will.
Do that. Agent Cooper. and
you will be relieved of duty.
Without confirmation
of survivors.
is it really worth
making that call?
Reddington!
Where's Keen?
Braxton took her.
- [ Grunts ]
- Are any of these comms working?
That walkie has a range
of a thousand yards at the most.
- [ Groans ]
- Unassisted. yeah.
but a dipole antenna array
will boost the signal.
This rig is sinking.
If we can't make contact.
anyone here who doesn't burn
is gonna drown.
You said Braxton took Keen.
Why?
Where am I?
Where are Agents Ressler
and Navabi?
Did they make it?
Braxton: Don't know.
Don't care.
How does it feel
to have something
people are willing to die for
locked up in that
pretty. little head of yours?
I don't know anything.
We'll see.
_
[ Elevator bell dings ]
Look. I don't know who gave you
clearance to land.
but we're closed
to traum--
[ Muffled ]
He's got a g--
Sir. I've been monitoring
flights in and around
the Norton Sound
with proximity to The Factory.
The FAA picked up an aircraft
entering Juneau airspace
ID'd as
a private medevac chopper.
The FAA doesn't require
flight plans
or passenger manifests
for medevac choppers.
I think that's how Braxton plans
to disappear.
Where did they land?
Grace River Hospital.
Get a tac unit there
and notify the hospital.
Make sure
they have Braxton's mug shot.
That incident
you insist didn't occur.
it just came to shore.
Okay. listen up.
Juneau PD was unable
to apprehend Braxton.
but he was positively ID'd.
I want surveillance feeds
from every camera
within 10 blocks
of that hospital.
Sir. the Coast Guard--
they're picking up a signal
from The Factory.
That's some kind of SOS.
Survivors.
I'm making that call
whether you like it or not.
Man:
We're on final approach.
We need a head count
on survivors.
Helo Two. Helo Two.
Emergency message. plus three.
[ Gun cocks ]
You're not going anywhere.
[ Gunshot ]
Let's go.
- [ Whimpering ]
- I'm hitting a wall.
Braxton: She'll talk.
Oh. no. She's talking.
Told me everything
she remembered.
which is nothing.
- You saying she wasn't there?
- [ Grunting loudly ]
I'm saying if she was there.
she's repressed
her memory--
buried it so deep
that I can't even get her
to talk about it.
[ Gagging ]
The Fulcrum.
Where is it?
[ Coughing ]
I envy you-- your ability
to block a horrible memory.
I needed help to do that.
Lucky for me.
the person
who helped me forget...
is gonna help you remember.
Max. I'm not gonna tell you
to pick up your dominoes again.
Come on. We got to go.
We're late.
Max?
- Max?
- Hey. Doc.
Remember me?
Braxton.
[ Gasps ]
Max. it's gonna be okay.
It's gonna be okay.
I don't know. Doc.
Depends on you.
[ Muffled whimpers. screams ]
What do you want?
Let's go for a ride.
The princess here
has something in her head
that I want.
It's a memory.
Now. you helped
make all my memories go away.
You made Khafji disappear.
- Boom!
- [ Gasps ]
Just like a magic trick.
I'm thinking. if you were able
to bury one of my memories.
then you can retrieve
some of hers.
No.
It's not that simple.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Max: Mom. they--
- they said they won't hurt me...
- Max.
...if you do what they say.
so please. mom. plea--
Max.
Don't hurt him.
Don't you hurt him.
Guys. there are people
looking for me.
If they find me.
they'll find you.
[ Gagging ]
[ Moaning ]
Braxton: Now you are going to go
into her head.
and you're going to retrieve
a memory.
If you do that. if you help me.
you'll be helping Max.
Do I make myself clear?
[ Gasps ]
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Give him a list of everything
you're gonna need.
Sebastian. brother.
I didn't think you made it out.
He didn't.
I did.
[ Laughs ]
Oh. man.
This is just like Belgrade.
huh. boyo?
Whatever you want. I get.
This is nothing like Belgrade.
What was the name of that kid?
You know.
the one you had running point?
I wish I could have been there
when you opened
that closet door
and found him hanging
by your necktie.
His name was Henkel.
Henkel! That's right.
Kid was a talker.
You're out of your depth.
Luther.
You don't know the people
you're dealing with.
You're a fine thief--
meticulous and careful--
but this is different.
You're improvising.
and you and I both know
thinking on your feet
is not your strong suit.
Luther.
You will make a mistake.
and when you do.
I will be there to indulge
in the undeniable pleasure
and sweet satisfaction
of "I told you so."
Well. you better hurry.
'Cause your girlfriend.
the princess.
she's got the answers in
her head that I'm looking for.
and I found a way
to get them out.
[ Cellphone beeps.
car door opens ]
I spoke with Cooper.
The Coast Guard pilots
who transported us
are being debriefed.
As far as the rest of the world
is concerned.
you are presumed missing.
You need to look for any known
associates of Braxton's
with psychiatric
medical training--
neurologists. psychiatrists.
pharmacologists--
Wait. Slow down.
Braxton is trying to extract
a memory from Agent Keen.
He will do so
by any means necessary.
He's likely contacted someone
for that purpose already.
Find out who that someone is.
What memory?
A memory she has no memory of.
[ Engine turns over ]
You said you had the situation
under control.
Director: - I do.
- The strike on the factory was unsuccessful.
And now we have survivors
to contend with.
Not to mention the incident
at the public hospital.
The missile strike
will be made public.
It will be blamed on.
uh. inmate uprising.
which got out of hand.
Enemy combatants
took the facility.
executed staff.
and were preparing to escape.
We unfortunately had no other
choice but to act aggressively.
Loss of life. although tragic.
was unavoidable.
Director. is there
any accounting for Reddington?
Or the Fulcrum.
We will have the Fulcrum
in our hands very shortly.
How?
I have a team working on it
as we speak.
Cooper: Welcome back.
Aram: Sir. sir.
I think I found a doctor
with a connection to Braxton.
You're safe.
Uh. w-- uh. what about
Mr. Reddington?
He's. uh.
pursuing his own leads.
Aram. the doctor?
Yes. right.
Uh. sorry.
Okay. Her name is
Dr. Selma Orchard.
She's an attending in neurology
at Walter Reed
and was part of a team
that discovered a gene
that makes it possible
to erase memories.
I'm sorry.
Erase memories?
Yeah. the gene is known
as TET1.
and it's critical to a process
called memory extinction.
where painful events
are replaced
with more positive
associations.
She was at Walter Reed.
Was Braxton a soldier there?
First Gulf War.
He was part
of a friendly fire incident
with multiple casualties
in Khafji.
I assume he brought this home
with him.
Orchard must have treated him
at some point for this.
Selma Orchard--
Find her now.
It's called
recovered memory therapy.
I'm going to use a combination
of hypnotherapy
and pharmaceuticals
to put you into a lucid.
waking dream state.
My field is in blocking trauma.
Extracting it.
there are probable risks.
You don't have to do this.
I'm going to give you
a sedative.
The mind turns things off
for a reason.
I found
that what the mind fights.
the body tries to fight. too.
I need you relaxed.
This is for your own safety.
He told me I need to take you
back to a fire 26 years ago.
[ Whimpering ]
[ Sobbing ]
I don't want to go back.
I'm sorry.
[ Police radio chatter ]
PD says there's no sign
of forced entry or foul play.
but Orchard never showed up
for work.
I just got off the phone
with the boy's school.
He never showed up. either.
Braxton has them.
[ Dialing ]
Dr. Orchard: Elizabeth.
I want you to close your eyes.
Now I want you to relax
all of the muscles in your body.
Pretend that you can float.
As you float. all of the tension
leaves your body.
Tension floats. too.
but it floats away from you.
Now I want you to breathe in...
[ Inhales ]
...and out.
[ Exhales ]
Good.
All of the tension
is floating away.
You can't even feel it anymore.
All you can feel is yourself.
making the image of yourself
clearer and clearer.
Focus on that image
of yourself.
Only it's not you today.
It's you 26 years ago.
You can almost picture her.
that little girl.
I'm gonna ask the little girl
to open her eyes.
Are you ready?
Three...
two...
one.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Dr. Orchard:
What do you see?
A little girl...
hiding.
Man:
Okay. stay here. sweetie.
No matter what happens.
you need to stay here
and not come out
until I come get you.
Understand?
Are you with her?
Yes.
Woman: Where is she?
Hey. what's your bunny's name?
I'm not leaving without Masha.
Masha!
Man: She's not going back
with you.
I know you're scared.
but it's okay.
Lizzy?
Can you hear me?
[ Indistinct shouting ]
Hello. Thank you for coming
on such short notice.
Time is of the essence.
so I'll skip introductions.
I've asked you all here
because you all have
one thing in common--
you all have business
with Luther Braxton.
As rewarding as those
relationships may have been.
they've come to an end.
Mr. Braxton has started
something he cannot finish.
He'll likely reach out
to one of you for help.
When he does.
you will contact me
at the number I have provided.
Questions?
Good.
What's in it for us?
Life.
Cooper:
Where are we on Dr. Orchard?
Nowhere.
Uh. if Braxton did abduct her.
he didn't leave a trace.
And Reddington?
I'm pretty sure if he had a lead
we would have heard from him.
Metro PD just called in
a possible visual on Braxton
near Anacostia.
He saw him get into a van
with a couple of men
an hour
after Orchard's abduction.
Did they track it?
No. the patrolman was on foot.
The van left
before he could flag the plate.
Get to Anacostia
and canvass the neighborhood.
Knock on every door.
If Braxton was there to meet with
someone. I want to know who.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Cooper.
Hello. Dr. Levin.
Did you get the results?
Yes. At your office?
[ Grunting ]
This is not gonna work
like this.
These drugs.
she could become hypertensive.
develop an arrhythmia.
I gave you everything
you asked for.
Well. we should have
an anesthesiologist
or an ER doc here
to titrate her meds.
- I told you there are risks.
- Well. then take the risks.
It's either her or your boy.
[ Gasping ]
[ Sighs deeply ]
What's happening. Elizabeth?
Tell me.
[ Slurring ]
They're shouting.
- Who?
- What are they saying?
Where is she?!
Woman: - Listen. you're in trouble.
Man: - Because of you!
Don't be afraid.
You told her.
Woman: Yes. I did.
I told her.
- Come on!
- Wait!
Come on!
- Lizzy.
- Come on.
♪ dashing through the snow ♪
♪ in a one-horse open sleigh ♪
- ♪ o'er the fields we go ♪
- Come on!
- ♪ laughing all the way ♪
- [ Both laugh ]
- Wh-where'd he go?
- Where'd he go?
I don't know.
- [ Laughs ]
- What's happening?
Dr. Orchard: She might be having
a tangent memory.
Her brain is trying to replace
a bad memory with a good one.
Over there!
Here!
Woman: Catch me.
♪ jingle bells. jingle bells ♪
- ♪ jingle all the way ♪
- Lizzy.
- ♪ oh. what fun it is to ride ♪
- Lizzy. wait!
♪ in a one-horse open... sleigh ♪
What is it?
What do you see?
Stay here.
Don't go anywhere.
[ Indistinct shouting ]
What are they fighting about?
It's a secret.
Who's Masha?
You are.
Woman:
Instead they framed Masha.
Don't go out there.
You can't go out there.
Young Liz: [ Echoing ]
Turn around. Lizzy! Go back!
No! No!
Don't!
Daddy said not to come out!
[ Screams ]
[ Gasps. grunting ]
[ Monitor beeping rapidly ]
Okay. we're done.
Her blood pressure's
through the roof.
She's in v-tach.
She needs lidocaine.
[ Grunting continues ]
What do you think you're doing?
You won't find what you're
looking for if she's dead.
[ Gasps ]
My father.
My father was there.
What have you got?
Braxton contacted me
right after you left.
What's this?
Wiring instructions
to an offshore account.
I'm not giving you
this information.
I'm selling it.
Let me clarify the situation.
Braxton is holding a hostage.
I want her back.
Every second you waste
reduces the chances
of that happening.
I appreciate your urgency.
I don't think you do.
But I'm not telling you anything
until we agree on a price.
Navabi: I have units
covering the southwest sector.
so start at the north end
of the 700 block
and work your way back.
Anything?
Two eyewitnesses confirm
Braxton met
with a Wilson Bishop.
I had Aram run his profile.
Turns out he's a third-year
med student at Johns Hopkins.
What does Braxton want
with a med student?
Your son. what's his name?
His name is Max.
He's nine years old.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry
you got dragged into this.
In the dream. your father--
you said he was there?
The girl.
she called him "Daddy."
Did you see anything else
or hear anything else?
The little girl stopped me.
It's like she has
some kind of a secret.
But I'm the girl.
The girl's
a piece of your subconscious
trying to prevent you
from becoming aware
of what happened that night.
I have no recollection
of my mother or my father--
not their faces. nothing.
[ Sighs ]
All I know--
or think I know--
is that my father gave me this.
You can relax.
An extra 15 seconds won't make
a difference either way.
[ Tablet chirps ]
It's done.
Red: Speak.
He needed a place
to meet someone.
someplace out of the way.
The address?
- [ Grunts ]
- [ Woman gasps ]
[ Exhales ]
No. no.
Red: He's right.
An extra 15 seconds probably
won't change anything. hmm?
[ Woman gasps ]
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Yes?
Mom? Mommy?
- Max!
- Mom?
Max. hi.
Are you okay. baby?
Where are you?
Everything's gonna be okay.
I love you.
I love you. [ Stammers ]
Braxton:
You have till 9:00.
If I don't find out
what the agent knows by then.
you'll never see your boy again.
Wait. Wait!
Damn it!
It's gonna be fine.
It's too dangerous.
Something happened that night.
something people are willing
to kill to find out.
and whatever it was
involved my father.
I'm not doing this for Braxton
or for you.
I'm doing it for me.
I need to know the truth.
[ Sighs ]
Where is it?
I'll have it to you
by 9:00.
I thought you said
you had it already.
And I do.
I wanted that Fulcrum
in my hands
before I negotiated with you.
Need I remind you that the price
had already been set?
That was before you volleyed
missiles at me and my men.
Now the price has gone up.
Mr. Braxton. I don't think
you fully appreciate
the power of the people
who have engaged your services.
Well. if they're that powerful.
then I'm sure
they can afford an extra 10%.
Go find the money. chief.
You do that.
and I'll have
what you want by 9:00.
Hey. I want you to call me
just as soon as you get
confirmation of funds.
Nah. we're gonna get the intel
out of that girl's head.
even if I got to drill a hole
in her skull
and hang her upside down.
All right.
Will do.
[ Gun cocks ]
If you're looking
for your driver.
he's napping in the trunk.
Son of a bitch.
Luther.
I never thought I'd enjoy
having anything in my mouth
as much as Petty Officer
Virginia Sherman.
but this...
[Laughing] My God!
It tastes so good!
I hesitate to swallow.
and I certainly
don't want to spit it out.
Oh. what the hell.
I told you so.
Elizabeth Keen.
Where is she?
I don't know.
Maybe she's dead.
Maybe you're too late. boyo.
Just like you were for.
uh. Henkel... in Belgrade.
Can I let you in on
a little secret about Belgrade?
I barely remember it.
I'd forgotten
all about the Deutsche marks.
and I don't think
I ever even met Henkel.
Tell you the truth-- I don't
think his name was Henkel.
I don't know who the hell
he was. but this--
this. I can promise you.
I will always remember.
Now get in the damn car.
Elizabeth. can you hear me?
Nod if you can hear me.
Good.
Now follow my voice
and tell me where you are.
The closet.
What's happening?
Woman: They'll kill you if you
don't give it back to them.
Man:
They'll kill me if I do.
They're arguing.
What are they arguing about?
Woman: Did you really think
I'd let it happen
and I wouldn't come for her?
Man:
Hey. you know what?
The Fulcrum.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Man: It's the only thing
keeping me alive.
[ Police radio chatter ]
[ Doorbell chimes ]
Wilson Bishop. FBI.
Come here.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
What are you doing. man?
What are you doing?
[ Both grunt ]
Luther Braxton.
We know you met with him.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
You're a resident at a hospital
with access to all kinds
of psychopharmaceuticals.
We know you sold to him.
He kidnapped an FBI agent.
I don't know anything
about a kidnapping.
He's gonna use your drugs
on that agent.
- She dies--
- He wanted diazoxide.
- Naloxone--
- Where is he?
He had me deliver equipment...
- An address?!
- ...for sedations.
Braxton. call me back.
Where the hell are you?
[ Screams ]
Is she okay?
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Navabi: Aram.
we found Wilson Bishop.
We're en route.
and we need you to send units
to Coal Chute and Spring.
- [ Cellphone ringing ]
Red: - Donald.
I have information regarding
Agent Keen's abductor.
We're on her way to her now.
We're 10 minutes out.
Well. Braxton was holding
a young boy.
His name is Max Orchard.
My people have secured the boy.
but you need to send a unit.
Dembe will give you
the address.
Max is my son.
The FBI are on their way
to him now.
She's still heavily sedated.
What happened?
But my son-- Max.
Your son is gonna be fine.
Tell me about Agent Keen.
She was undergoing a procedure
called RM Therapy.
Braxton was searching
for a memory.
Does she remember the past?
Pieces.
What pieces?
A fire. an argument.
She remembers something
called the Fulcrum.
Does she know where it is--
the Fulcrum?
No.
But we were close.
If she continued.
would it be dangerous for her?
Could she be harmed in any way?
It's hard to say.
She's been through a lot.
But typically.
if the therapy is done properly
and with great care.
then no.
[ Indistinct shouting ]
Can you see it?
Can you hear me. Lizzy?
Woman: Take her to...
I need you to tell me
where it is.
Where is the Fulcrum. Lizzy?
Let me go!
Get away from me!
Shh. shh. shh!
You don't want to see this.
[ Breathing heavily ]
What you want to see.
what you need to find
is the Fulcrum.
Where is it. Lizzy?
Can you see it?
- [ Gasping ]
- Lizzy. turn around.
Go back.
Woman: - Stop!
- You don't want to go in there.
- Get away!
- Lizzy. turn around and go back.
Go back. go back.
- [ Screams ]
- Let go!
- [ Gunshot ]
- [ Gasping ]
[ Gasps ]
What happened?
What'd she see?
[ Haunting Russian lullaby
plays ]
Listen to me.
You have to say something.
There's a fire.
I know you saw something
out there
and you don't want to
go out there...
[Voice breaking]
...but you can't stay here.
You have to scream.
Do you hear me?
As loud as you can.
you have to scream!
You have to--
[Screams]
[ Both scream ]
[ Wails ]
[ Lullaby continues ]
Hey! Hey.
What the hell
are you doing to her?
What are you doing?
Get her up.
Wake her up now.
Not now.
Reddington. Reddington!
It's not safe.
Wake her up now.
Wait. Not now.
You do what you have to do.
You do it now!
Wait.
Young Liz: Daddy! No!
Liz: You were there.
You were there. weren't you?
Yes.
There were...
people with the woman.
looking for it.
The Fulcrum.
You were one of them.
It's not that simple.
But that's why you were there.
That's why
you came into my life then.
And that's why you're here now.
Not because of me
or who I am to you.
whatever connection
we might have.
but because of some...
object.
Some thing.
Whatever you remember--
What I remember
is leaving my father dying
on the floor
of a burning house.
[ Sniffles ]
There's no way
he could have survived that.
Lizzy. the memories
of a four-year-old are...
unreliable.
My father was killed
because of the Fulcrum.
because you and your people
came for it that night.
Well. I want you
to know something.
This charade...
of you pretending
to care about me
was a waste of your time
because I don't know
where it is.
[ Echoing ] Don't!
Max: Mommy.
Dr. Orchard: Max!
Ahh!
[ Gasps ] Oh.
[ Sobbing ]
[ Smooching ]
Are you okay? Are you okay?
Are you okay?
Look at you.
Oh. thank God.
Director: Mm-hmm.
I'm meeting with Braxton
within the hour.
Yes. of course
I've discussed contingencies
regarding Reddington
with all of our colleagues.
I'm going to
have to call you back.
You wouldn't believe
how much he weighs.
Sit.
Do you have any idea who I am?
[ Chuckles ]
Yes.
I know just what you are.
Sit the hell down.
I've alerted security.
You seem younger in person
than you appear to be
when lurking in the background
on television.
Are you a swimmer?
[ Chuckles ]
I'm someone
not to be trifled with.
Mm.
Then we have something
in common.
You hire a simple thief
to find the Fulcrum
because you believe
I don't have it.
So I return him to you.
defects and all.
to make it abundantly clear
that you should never again
doubt who I am and what I have.
I know exactly who you are.
A thug.
You may have convinced
some of my colleagues
that you are a force
to be reckoned with.
but I do not share
that assessment.
So consider yourself warned.
We will not hesitate
to use every resource
at our disposal.
Whatever it takes...
we will cripple you.
I don't think
you have any real comprehension
of the depth and breadth
of your vulnerability.
But only the one
who possesses the Fulcrum
could possibly fathom that.
I think you're bluffing.
I don't think you have it.
I don't think you ever did.
Try me.
Call my bluff.
Please.
[ Chuckling ]
Oh. my God.
I don't know what the hell
you're gonna do with him.
Honestly.
he's like a damn side of beef.
[ "Baptisms" playing ]
♪ back when I used to wander ♪
♪ I was always out looking
for signs ♪
You're not gonna believe this.
What is it?
Goodson: This morning. there was
an attempted takeover...
...of a US detention camp
in the Norton Sound.
We believe that the timing
of this uprising
was set to coincide
with the transfer...
...of international fugitive
Raymond Reddington.
Woman: Are you saying that he
was responsible for the breach?
Man: How did he orchestrate
an attack if he was in custody?
Woman #2: Did he succeed?
Man #2: Is Reddington
in your custody now?
I-I'm not going to be taking
any questions right now.
but I can confirm
that the whereabouts
of Raymond Reddington
are unknown.
♪ hold me to the light ♪
♪ let me shine ♪
♪ come hold me to the floor
and say it's all right ♪
♪ come hold me
'neath the water's skin ♪
♪ until I'm new again ♪
♪ and I said what I was thinking ♪
[ Music box closes ]
♪ now you can't see
what's good till it's gone ♪
♪ then there's something
to be said ♪
Dr. Orchard:
Thank you for meeting me.
You said it was urgent?
I didn't mean to alarm you.
but I thought you should know
that during the RM Therapy.
when you were under.
I saw something.
So. what?
What does that mean?
Based on how you responded...
Liz. I don't think
I'm the first one
who's looked into your memory.
No.
I've never been treated.
You may not remember.
You may have been very young.
But I think someone
may have tried to block
your memory of that fire.
[ Scoffs ]
I didn't make it up.
The people and the events
may have been there.
but in different roles.
I know this is difficult
to comprehend.
Are you telling me
I may never know
what really happened
that night?
I'm telling you that the only people who
could tell you what really happened
are the people
who want you to forget.
♪ and they'll come clean us ♪
♪ we'll both live again ♪
♪ these days I barely wander ♪
♪ and I don't need
no more of them signs ♪
♪ I'll just breathe in
all that air ♪
♪ and be happy that it's there ♪
[ Fabric ripping ]
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm